[FLINK-28712] Default Changelog all when changelog producer is input (#248)
apache/flink-table-store: docs/content/docs/development/streaming-query.md

depending on the checkpoint interval of the writing job.

By default, the downstream streaming consumption is disordered (ordered within the key)

> stream of upsert data. If you expect an ordered CDC data stream, and remove downstream

Reviewer: I feel it is a little hard to understand from a user's perspective. A more intuitive way is to add an example and some pic(s) to illustrate.

For example, we can take `ChangelogWithKeyFileStoreTableTest#testStreamingChangelog` to explain the final result difference between enable/disable `ChangelogProducer.INPUT`

And meanwhile, add some pic to illustrate the processing difference

Reviewer: How about
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55568005/181272707-e1b06183-2c6b-454a-bedf-aee9e1504de9.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55568005/181272515-c579095d-6e8e-42fb-b4f5-6d13aaa10cd7.png)

depending on the checkpoint interval of the writing job.

By default, the downstream streaming consumption is disordered (ordered within the key)
stream of upsert data. If you expect an ordered CDC data stream, and remove downstream
changelog normalized operator (which is costly), you can configure it as follows
(Recommended, but this requires that your input is inclusive of all changelogs):

```sql
CREATE TABLE T (...)
WITH (
    'changelog-producer' = 'input'
)
```

You can understand the difference between changelog-producer(none) and changelog-producer(input) by the following pictures:

{{< img src="/img/changelog-producer-none.png">}}

When the changelog-producer is none, because the storage only retains the upsert data and
does not have the full changelog data containing update_before, so the downstream consumption job needs
to use the normalized node to generate the complete changelog.

{{< hint info >}}
__Note:__ The normalized node needs to persist all the data into the state, which is very costly.
{{< /hint >}}

{{< img src="/img/changelog-producer-input.png">}}

> When the changelog-producer is input, the storage trust input data is a complete changelog and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the changelog-producer is `INPUT`, the storage trusts input data is saved as a complete changelog so that ...
```
